[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 space epic film Star Wars
the last Jedi so let's get started
this summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films to see
the summary of all the Star Wars films
please check out the links in the cards
film picks up after episode 7 with the
destruction the star killer base general
Leia leads the resistance fleet while
the first-order pursues poe dameron
leads a counterattack but a lot of lives
are lost and the resistance escapes in
the hyperspace however they find that
the first order is successfully able to
track them kylo Ren and other Thai
fighters attack lay his ship and Leia
nearly dies but uses the force to bring
herself back to safety Leia is left
incapacitating and Vice Admiral Hall doe
takes control to flee feeling hold o
strategy is too passive poe finn bb-8
and a Kanak named rose embark on a
secret mission to disable the first
orders tracking device meanwhile rey
arrives on the planet octo with
Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the Millennium
Falcon reuniting with Luke Skywalker
Skywalker has become disillusioned with
the Jedi way after his failed trainings
with kylo Ren he refuses to help Raya
first but eventually gives it while on
the island Rey has visions in where she
can communicate with kylo Ren through
her visions and talking to Luke it is
revealed that Luke nearly killed Kyle
Owen and sleep because of the darkness
that was growing with
but changed his mind only for kylo to
awaken and then destroy the Jedi Order
rape became convinced that kylo can be
redeemed and leaves without Luke Yoda
appears to Luke telling him that rain
has all that she needs to learn and
encourages Luke to learn from his
failures Finn rose and bb-8 traveled to
the canto byte casino and to meet up
with a hacker named DJ the four are able
to infiltrate snoke's ship but are
captured by Captain phasma at the same
time Raylan's aboard Snoke ship to
confront kylo she has brought before
snow who reveals that he is behind the
visions that Ray and kylo have been
having which allowed them to communicate
as a plan to destroy Luke kylo instead
turns and kills Snoke and Rey and kylo
defeat the guards raehwan's kylo to turn
to the light side but kylo invites raid
to rule the galaxy without she refuses
and they end up splitting anakin
skywalker's lightsaber in half meanwhile
back with the ship's hull doe reveals
her plan is to discreetly evacuate the
remaining resistance members using small
transport ships poe believing that this
is a cowardly action leads a mutiny leia
wakes up who knocks poe out allowing the
evacuation to begin all those days
aboard the ship to mislead the first
order while the others escape the ship
to a small base on crate however the
hacker DJ betrays the group and reveals
the resistance plan to the first order
and they begin to attack the transport
ships halt though then sacrifices
herself by ramming the resistance ship
into snoke's ship at Lightspeed in the
chaos Rey escapes kylo declares himself
the new supreme leader
bb-8 freeze finn and rose and they all
to get their defeat phasma and escape to
crate the first order arrives on crate
to wipe out the few remaining resistance
members primarily using a large cannon
in thai fighters rey and Chewbacca draw
the fire from the TIE fighters while
finn attempts a suicide run against the
cannon but is stopped by rose as the
cannon destroys the one blast or
protecting the resistance
Luke Skywalker emerges from the
destroyed door and after having every
gun fired at Luke and he still stands a
lightsaber battle breaks out between him
and kylo Luke is struck but there is no
effect only for kylo to realize that he
has been fighting a force projection and
Luke is actually back on the planet
akuto this distraction gave the
resistance members enough time to escape
out a back passage and board the
Millennium Falcon
Luke exhausted from the massive amount
of force use becomes one with the force
and dies ray and Leia sends the death
and Leia tells the rebels that the
resistance has all they need to rise
again as the film concludes we see one
of the children at Kanto bite using the
force gazing into space possibly meaning
he is a future member of the resistance
so that's the spoilers for Star Wars the
last Jedi if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on Instagram for our
monthly giveaways and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]